Wait
You should remember that Tiantian has been unable to eat bitter things since she was a child, right?
I have observed Jiang En
He tastes so bitter
Eat well and don’t reject it
On the contrary, it was Shen Xi
I saw with my own eyes that he had no choice but to intervene and fight in the sealed West Hall. Tai drank the bitter medicine.
Aren’t you suspicious of this?
And I got through it because I suffered from being in prison since I was a kid.
Just force yourself to eat everything
Just used to the bitter taste
Dad, I believe that your lover’s life is helpless
How can people like us understand?
Is he worthy of trust?
Depends on the cost
This is the genetic testing report of Shen Xi and Su Dianqiu
If Shenxi is dessert
Then this Jiang Wen
Isn't he just a hatter?
Isn’t it true that you are not welcoming me once?
He is dessert
Since this is the most comprehensive institution
report made
He can't be wrong
There is no way